slskd: 0.24.5 -> 0.26.0 (#544340)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/release-notes/rl-2611.section.md

- `hurl` has been updated to `8.x.x` which has some breaking changes. See [upstream changelog](https://github.com/Orange-OpenSource/hurl/releases/tag/8.0.0) for details.

- `gotosocial` has been updated to 0.22.0. This release contains a very long database migration, which should not be cancelled or interrupted under any circumstances.
 -  Postgres users: Following the migration, if you encounter slowdown on Postgres specifically (ie., timing out while loading timelines) you may need to run some manual database maintenance steps. Please check https://docs.gotosocial.org/en/stable/admin/database_maintenance/#postgres.

> - `slskd` has been updated to v0.25.0, which includes breaking changes to `global` option renamed to `transfers`. Please review the [changelog](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases#release-0.25.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `slskd` has been updated to v0.26.0, which includes breaking changes to several options, including renaming `global` to `transfers`. Please review the [changelog](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases#release-0.25.0)
```

definitely want the first, minor wording suggestion too

Author: @whispersofthedawn but actually it is 1 change, not several. And also the breaking change was introduced in release 0.25.0 not 0.26.0.

Also if we later upgrade it to 0.26.1 or 0.27.0 we would not need to update this documentation again.

Reviewer: okay, fine with me

> - `slskd` has been updated to v0.25.0, which includes breaking changes to `global` option renamed to `transfers`. Please review the [changelog](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases#release-0.25.0)

Reviewer 2: Why would users need to review the PR? Also, i feel this should probably go under the nixos release notes(`nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/` instead since the settings changes specifically target the nixos module instead of the package itself.

Author: @pyrox0 I literally took this as an almost identical example from [previous release](https://github.com/NixOS/nixpkgs/blob/master/doc/release-notes/rl-2505.section.md):

<img width="1622" height="187" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d48378d8-b70e-4c3e-8527-bd38bc231afe" />

Reviewer 2: But it is related to the module, not to the package. I would add it to the nixos release notes instead, since the release notes for both will be on the same page when the release happens.

Author: Fair enough @pyrox0. Do you have a proposal of what I should put instead?

Reviewer 2: Move this to `nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2611.section.md` verbatim under the breaking changes section, then remove the wording about the upstream pr.

Author: Done @pyrox0.

> - `slskd` has been updated to v0.25.0, which includes breaking changes to `global` option renamed to `transfers`. Please review the [changelog](https://github.com/slskd/slskd/releases#release-0.25.0)

Reviewer 3: I also agree with @staticdev on this one, how it is written feels correct.
